So just a quick video here to show you a little bug in our camera facing stuff go and attack this main
God and give him a health bar.
Then I want to show you that as I walk around him the rotation of that health bar is sometimes going
a little bit skew especially if he rotates quickly all the way around.
And that's no good.
We don't want it going like that and my instant thought when that happens is this could be happening
in a race with some other update stuff.
So let's take a look at our camera facing a dot.
You can see here that the transform of this camera facing components is being updated on updates by
the camera's position.
Now the problem is that maybe before or maybe after this update we could have other things modifying
the transform maybe even a parent transform so we could have our character rotating and the rotation
of the character could happen after we've done the rotation of the camera facing or it could happen
before on a particular frame.
It might change around and that's probably why we're seeing this behavior here where our health bar
is being rotated after we have rotated it towards the camera because what's happening is that the update
of the enemy is coming in later.
So what we want to make sure happens here is that our update is the last thing that happens here and
it's very easy way to do that is to do a late update.
And if we call it in late update and then go and hit play we should almost instantly see that it will
be better if we attack this guard and then run around him in circles you can see now that the health
bar is no longer being rotated in any way it's just following the character around.
So that's that bug quickly fixed.